Don't be afraid, Yaoyao
Little fairy, you're screwed
Our family has connections in the Public Security Bureau
If you're willing to kowtow and apologize now
Maybe it can be closed for a few days less
How can you just apologize?
Several people in our family were injured by him
He must be compensated
You broke into my house first and messed up
You also hurt Yaoyao, and my daughter did it.
Why let Nian Nian compensate?
It's you who should compensate
If you dare to touch my mother again
I will sue you for deliberately letting someone send you to eat the old meal
What's the noise?
Is it good luck for your village to be a police station today?
Clean plating
Little San, you are finally here
These bad guys hit me
He also beat a few of our clansmen
Do you have to call the shots for us?
It's just you guys who beat people, right?
I urge you to quickly and privately reconcile
Otherwise, you will have to sit in the building
If you leave a record
Your family will be more responsible for the next few generations
That's not how it works.
I we
You favor yourself like this
Can you speak?
What is Tianbang?
I'm being fair.
If you are not convinced, apply for an investigation
But not until the truth investigation is known
You stay in the detention center for me
How is that possible?
Nian Nian hit people for me
Catch me if you want
Don't you apologize?
I want to see your mother locked up
Ken won't kneel down and apologize to my son
kneel
I Kneel
Please don't implicate my daughter
Mom, it's okay, I don't care
Even if it's a mess
I shouldn't be in jail
Komori, this little bitch looks down on you
Since you don't appreciate my hard work
Don't blame me for welcoming you in and passing by
It's really majestic
When is this police station up to you, Li Sen has the final say